Shen Yan according to your instructions
The tracker has been placed
It's on the clothes Miss Su is going to wear tomorrow.
As long as Shen Changzong follows our plan
Detain people and send them over
You can find your mother through Miss Su
Grab Shen Cangyi
Then reveal the news to Shen Changzong
Otherwise, this old fox wouldn't be so gullible
Yes
At that time, you will still have the ability in your hands.
Be in charge
All these years, your Shen family is still thriving
Hahaha, yeah.
When the old man chose your brother
I don't think he can be a family
And his son is fundamentally broken.
What does it look like to fight and kill all day?
Hey
Let alone outsiders
He doesn't even let go of his own cousin
My house flies two days ago
Almost died at the hands of this beast
Okay, it's all a little friction between the juniors
Don't add oil and vinegar, hi.
I'm going to leave it at that today.
My Zhao family is not vegetarian
Who dares to have trouble with my son of Zhao Fanghua?
Let him die
Mrs. Shen, then I will put the words here today
Who dares to touch Shen Xiuqi?
I have a hundred ways to make his life worse than death
You are the old lady
The daughter-in-law I found for the provincial repair police
There is also a plague god who sacrificed his whole family
Do you have a say here?
Fix his mouth for me first
Let him know the rules of being the daughter-in-law of the Shen family
Who gave you the guts to hit me?
Crap
Bad value, what is missing from the eldest young master?